*Terms and Conditions for Use of the UMLS Semantic Network*


 *1.* *Introduction*

The following Terms and Conditions apply for use of the UMLS Semantic
Network. Using the UMLS Semantic Network indicates your acceptance of
the following Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to
all the UMLS Semantic Network files, independent of format and method of
acquisition.
 
 
*2. The UMLS Semantic Network*

The Lister Hill National Center for Biomedical Communications, National
Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health
and Human Services, has developed the UMLS Semantic Network as one of
the three Unified Medical Language System Knowledge Sources. The UMLS
inter-relates many vocabularies in the biomedical domain. The UMLS
Semantic Network provides a consistent categorization of the concepts
represented in the UMLS and provides an over-arching conceptual
structure for those concepts.


*3. Availability*

The UMLS Semantic Network is available to all requesters, both within
and outside the United States, at no charge.


*4. Use of the UMLS Semantic Network*

a. Redistributions of the UMLS Semantic Network in source or binary form
must include this list of conditions in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

b. In any publication or distribution of all or any portion of the UMLS
Semantic Network (1) you must attribute the source of the data as the
UMLS Semantic Network with the release number and date; (2) you must
state any modifications made to the UMLS Semantic Network along with a
complete description of the modifications, which may be in the form of
patch files.

c. You shall not assert any proprietary rights to any portion of the
UMLS Semantic Network, nor represent the UMLS Semantic Network or any
part thereof to anyone as other than a United States Government product.

d. The name of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
National Institutes of Health, National Library of Medicine, Lister Hill
National Center for Biomedical Communications may not be used to endorse
or promote products derived from the UMLS Semantic Network without
specific prior written permission.

e. Neither the United States Government, U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, National Institutes of Health, National Library of
Medicine, Lister Hill National Center for Biomedical Communications, nor
any of its agencies, contractors, subcontractors or employees of the
United States Government make any warranties, expressed or implied, with
respect to the UMLS Semantic Network, and, furthermore, assume no
liability for any party's use, or the results of such use, of any part
of the network.

These terms and conditions are in effect as long as the user retains any
part of the UMLS Semantic Network.
